The following table lists the primitive variations of the base interfaces for double only variations
also exist for most of the following interfaces for long.
And it.
For example, there are the interfaces into unary operator and long, unary operator, it is important
to know that the single abstract method or functional method of the interface may have a different name
than its generic counterpart Asho the method names here.
You can see that the variations with primitives are using the primitive as an argument or getting a
primitive as a result.
That's when a primitive is the result, with the exception of the predicate, which always returns a
simple boolean, the method time changes to include the primitive being returned, the appli becomes
apply a stable method, and the result is a double primitive type for a function interface Guinness
it when the result is in it for the supply of interface as examples.
Remembering this will help you recognize incorrect method names used in samples of code in an exam question.
It's looking at this table, the generic interface union, the operator, functional method apply,
the double primitive type is double unary operator, a functional method signature returns a double
and the name suppliers double testing a double as a parameter next.
We've got binary operator functional method.
Apply the double primitive type double binary operator.
The functional method returns a double and triple double, taking two tables as parameters.
Next generic interface function.
The functional method is apply.
You've got double function type are double to function, double to lung function and to double function
of type T in the functional methods we've got to apply that returns tripa the tax as a parameter, a
double.
We've got a place int which returns and it takes a double as a parameter.
We've got a plus long which returns along the Texas double as a parameter.
We've got a Playaz double which returns a double.
That takes it as a parameter by function.
The method, the functional method is apply the double privative taught to double by function.
It can say we've got Tecoma you there in brackets.
Functional method applies double returns a double and we've got the parameters t and you next.
Generically defaces predicate functional method is test tuple.
Primitive type is double predicate.
You can see that the functional methods call test in terms of boolean and takes a double as a perimeter
next to the interfaces consumer.
The functional method is except the double privative top is double consumer or double consumer of type
to t the function method is except it's marked as void and takes a double bottom parameter.
And the last one generic interface is supplier.
Functional method is get the double primitive type is double supplier and the functional method's called
get us double which returns a double.
Let's swing back to the audience now, need to create a new class in our built in interfaces project
and we'll call this one double primitive example's.
But as Kate demonstrates, an example, for every primitive interface that uses a double as an argument
or returns the table as a return to what you know from this code, that many of the interface method
names are slightly different, applies double, for example, for unary operator with the unary operator
type to t generic interfaces simply apply.
I can see the cadence.
I scroll down.
Quite a bit of code there, and basically, as I said, this is an example for every primitive interface
that uses a double as an argument or turns a double as a return type.
So let's run this.
And there's the airport, as you can see on screen, so let's do the same now with the interfaces to
create a new class, you probably guess what you're going to call it.
So, of course, one integer primitive example's.
Much like the double Primitivo Example's class, this one demonstrates an example for every primitive
interface that uses an intense argument or turns it into a return type, it's basically just mirroring
the examples I just demonstrated.
So if we run this.
This was out on screen.
All right, so moving on in the next video, I'm going to review some out of ordinary concepts for the
built in functional interfaces that we've reviewed in the last five videos.
See you in the next video.